refactor(docs): renaming for clarity (#10)
instantcommerce/instant-sdk-examples: README.md

# Instant SDK examples

> This example project contains custom tailwind config, theming and components to make the code closely representative of our storefront code. In the future we will provide more direct access to our components and admin customization settings to increase the quality and consistency of custom SDK blocks.

Reviewer: add Oxford comma: "...custom tailwind config, theming, and components to make..."

## Getting Started

> [Development docs for the installation, running and auth](https://docs.instantcommerce.io/developer-documentation/getting-started/start#installing-dependencies)

Reviewer: "Read our [documentation about installing, running, and, authenticating the SDK CLI.](https://docs.instantcommerce.io/developer-documentation/getting-started/start#installing-dependencies)"

## Tailwind config

The tailwind config in this example project is a close representation of the variables we use in our storefront. These are subject to change in the storefront.

> Further explanations about the tailwind theme colors are below.

Reviewer: You can leave this out.

## Store’s primary and grayscale colors

> The `setStoreColors` helper enables easy usage of the store’s primary and grayscale colors. It can be used with tailwind’s colour utilities and/or with css variables.

Reviewer: "... with CSS variables."

With tailwind’s colour utilities: `className=”bg-primary-500 text-gray-100”`

> With css variables:

Reviewer: "With CSS variables:"

    .section {
      background-color: var(--color-primary-500);
      color: var(--color-gray-100);
    }

> This helper fetches the store’s colors and creates new css variables. In addition these variables are assigned to primary and grayscale shades in our tailwind config (`tailwind.config.cjs`), which creates the perfect marriage.

Reviewer: Could you maybe describe the practical advantages to assigning variables to the shades in the tailwind config in place of stating it creates the perfect marriage?

> This helper fetches the store’s colors and creates new css variables. In addition these variables are assigned to primary and grayscale shades in our tailwind config (`tailwind.config.cjs`), which creates the perfect marriage.

Reviewer: "... creates new CSS variables."

To use `setStoreColors`, simply spread the helper in your section’s style prop:

    <section style={{ ...setThemeColors() }}>
      <div className="text-primary-700">Hello</div>
    </section>

## Theming your sections

> Most of our native sections have themes to enable fast colour customisation. To facilitate a similar setup in the example project we have created the `setSectionTheme` helper and added 4 themes: light, primary, primary inverted and dark. In many ways it’s just like the `setStoreColors` helper, but when using the generated css variables through tailwind and/or css, instead of primary and gray you have theme, and instead of the shades you have elements.

Reviewer: "Most of our native sections have themes to enable fast color customization. To facilitate a similar setup in the example project, we have created the `setSectionTheme` helper and added four themes: light, primary, primary inverted and dark. In many ways it’s just like the `setStoreColors` helper, except that, when using the generated CSS variables through tailwind or CSS,  you have "theme" instead of "primary" and "gray" and you have "elements" instead of "shades"."

Usage with tailwind colour utilities: `className=”bg-theme-bg text-theme-text”`

> With css variables:

Reviewer: "With CSS variables:"

    .section {
      background-color: var(--color-theme-bg);
      color: var(--color-theme-text);
    }

> `setSectionTheme` creates css variables that reference to the store’s colors that are set by `setStoreColors`:

Reviewer: " `setSectionTheme` creates CSS variables that reference the store’s colors as set by `setStoreColors`:"

    --color-primary-700: #175CD3;
    --color-bg: var(--color-primary-700);

    .bg-theme-bg {
      background-color: var(--color-bg);
    }

> You can access the variables using setSectionTheme and passing the section’s theme to it.

Reviewer: "You can access the variables using setSectionTheme and passing the section’s theme to it: "

    <section
      style={{
        ...setThemeColors(),
        ...setSectionTheme(theme),
      }}
    >
    ...
    </section>

> To view the full list of elements go to `tailwind.config.cjs line 35`. To view what store colors are assigned to what elements in what themes, check out `src/config/setSectionTheme.ts`. Feel free to adjust to your liking, keep in mind that then there will be inconsistencies between the native storefront section themes and yours.

Reviewer: "To view which store colors are assigned to which elements in which themes, check out `src/config/setSectionTheme.ts`. Feel free to adjust this file to your liking, but keep in mind that there will be inconsistencies between the native storefront's section themes and yours if you do."

## Style overrides

> We have discovered that having 5 different themes is not enough for our merchants. They prefer to be able to overwrite certain or all colors of the theme, hence you’ll see our customisation schema’s contain a lot of colour fields such as `titleColor`, `backgroundColor`, etc and us passing inline styles to overwrite the theme colors. E.g.

Reviewer: "We realized we need to facilitate setups that use more than five different themes, so that you can overwrite some or all colors of a theme. For this reason, you’ll see our customisation schemas contain a lot of color fields such as `titleColor`, `backgroundColor`, and the like, where we pass inline styles to overwrite the theme colors in this example project. For instance:”

    <Paragraph
      className="text-theme-title"
      style={{ ...(!!textColor ? { color: textColor } : {}) }}
    >
      Title
    </Paragraph>

> This goes hand-in-hand with the section theming but is optional to do just like everything else in the example project.

Reviewer: "This goes hand-in-hand with section theming, but it is optional (just like everything else in this example project)."

> # Project Title

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Instant SDK examples
```
I suppose it was so people can add their own project title, but it looks a bit like we forgot to add a title

> This example project contains custom tailwind config, theming and components to make the code closely representative of our storefront code. We hope in the future to provide more direct access to our components and admin customisation settings to increase the quality and consistency of the custom SDK blocks to our storefront.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example project contains custom tailwind config, theming and components to make the code closely representative of our storefront code. In the future we will provide more direct access to our components and admin customization settings to increase the quality and consistency of custom SDK blocks.
```

## Getting Started

> [Development docs for the installation, running and auth ](https://docs.instantcommerce.io/developer-documentation/getting-started/start#installing-dependencies)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Development docs for the installation, running and auth](https://docs.instantcommerce.io/developer-documentation/getting-started/start#installing-dependencies)
```

## Tailwind config

The tailwind config in this example project is a close representation of the variables we use in our storefront. These are subject to change in the storefront. 

Further explanations about the tailwind theme colours are below.

## Store’s primary and grayscale colours

> The `setStoreColors` helper enables easy usage of the store’s primary and grayscale colours. It can be used with tailwind’s colour utilities and/or with css variables.

Reviewer 2: Externally we use US english, so best to replace all occurrences of "Colour" with "Color" (applies to the whole readme)

```suggestion
The `setStoreColors` helper enables easy usage of the store’s primary and grayscale colors. It can be used with tailwind’s color utilities and/or with css variables.
```

With tailwind’s colour utilities: `className=”bg-primary-500 text-gray-100”`

With css variables:

    .section {
      background-color: var(--color-primary-500);
      color: var(--color-gray-100);
    }

This helper fetches the store’s colours and creates new css variables. In addition these variables are assigned to primary and grayscale shades in our tailwind config (`tailwind.config.cjs`), which creates the perfect marriage.

To use `setStoreColors`, simply spread the helper in your section’s style prop:

    <section style={{ ...setThemeColors() }}>
      <div className="text-primary-700">Hello</div>
    </section>

## Theming your sections

> Most of our native sections have themes to enable fast colour customisation. We have light, dark, primary, primary light and gray themes. To facilitate a similar setup in the example project we have created the `setSectionTheme` helper. In many ways it’s just like the `setStoreColors` helper, but when using the generated css variables through tailwind and/or css, instead of primary and gray you have theme, and instead of the shades you have elements. 

Reviewer 2: Didn't we want to remove the gray and primary light theme from the example blocks?

Author: maybe we can call the primary light primary inverted? it's weird to have one but not the opposite of it

    <section
      style={{
        ...setThemeColors(),
        ...setSectionTheme(theme),
      }}
    >
    ...
    </section>

To view the full list of elements go to `tailwind.config.cjs line 35`. To view what store colours are assigned to what elements in what themes, check out `src/config/setSectionTheme.ts`. Feel free to adjust to your liking, keep in mind that then there will be inconsistencies between the native storefront section themes and yours.

## Style overrides

We have discovered that having 5 different themes is not enough for our merchants. They prefer to be able to overwrite certain or all colours of the theme, hence you’ll see our customisation schema’s contain a lot of colour fields such as `titleColor`, `backgroundColor`, etc and us passing inline styles to overwrite the theme colours. E.g.

    <Paragraph
      className="text-theme-title"
      style={{ ...(!!textColor ? { color: textColor } : {}) }}
    >
      Title
    </Paragraph>

This goes hand-in-hand with the section theming but is optional to do just like everything else in the example project.

## Identifiable classNames

> You’ll notice that all of our sections and elements have readable/targetable classnames. We have found that clients like to use custom css (themselves or through agencies) to further customise their store. These classnames foolproof a lot of custom css, so we advise you to add them if you want to enable the merchants to target elements more precisely.

Reviewer 2: The classNames we add to our "no-code" blocks are mainly needed because there would be no way to otherwise change the styling, but since the SDK blocks are already coded, I wouldn't encourage people to combine it with Custom CSS, they should just change it in the block code directly (or make it customizable).

Reviewer 3: I think this section should be removed
